but
our eyes begin to heal as of the age of
15 years old and yes it's early then to be
sure to save them in the summer it takes
wear sunglasses but not
any because there is
several levels of protection 2 0 which
protects from nothing at all to 4 for
mountain hikes then the
most common protection category
for summer it's category 3 then there
you actually have the mark this
and the category of protection well ben that
actually this is what is asked of
minima worry about these labels
attached or small stickers like
like this one for example it's
do not have him come off and who gets
pose very easily is that we do not have
the certainty that these are real
label
there we have quite the case of
the indication which is sure the branch of
the mount so we can be almost
certain to say at 99% chance that the
bezel is actually compliant for
the placing on the European market
so we wanted to compare our pairs of
glasses bought in different points
in order to find out if they are
also protect against uv
and for that we need a pro and a
pau device is that like that to
the un we can see in fact it leaves
to pass the uv or not we need this
device that will allow us to
know the transmission rate in
does so thanks to this passion
we will position see the green on this
little picot and we know where we will know
what is the quantity of filtered down
here we go
So here it is 100% of uv
no problem with our pair of
luxury glasses bought at a
optician at over 200 euros as well as
with the trendy brand bought 120 euros
in an optician also we continue
so with the pair pay five times less
expensive in the supermarket you know the place
where some opticians told us not to
especially not buy our glasses
this one also this season then
protected winner for on arrival he does
remains to test our two pairs
nice range on which we would not have
bet a kopeck and this one is the
first and last is the one on
six axes and also so there are my
sincere or who go of the blow I can
tell you it is 7 to 250 euros
yeah we have the same protection against
uv exactly you are protected from the
same way against uv but that's it
you surprise his results not these
results do not surprise me in fact
all
coc